yo DJ cameo accessory I'm making a chat
and even put me on the input killer man
sank one you heard about this howler
hey he come he grab someone and mean
them crying super even bleed hey on the
levels of an one he talked about guns
and my girls
champagnes and evening me kill ms bean
there done all the time
okay I told them next time they bring me
the baby me they know underneath with
album trust me
what okay let me go tell them what it's
about
your games can I shoot out your name
name is passionate bigger added him off
the editors crew car know that my whole
free play cuz gonna float insane though
nobody take us through all retain who
really artsy what are you saying but he
never said night so I thought she's
saying honey some crash in the game yeah
and a little more in soccer the same
food I never make it understand enhanced
or owes in the frame once we BPM my
domain
I've come a long way from no games I
took my foes to go change so it's just
me in my own parsley robust and bitch
Fester's and I get more head than his
gesture yes my new things are branding
you don't like when again fresh tenders
yes I'm a raised allege the label base
testing on the loop if I stay with me on
the boat Micah's Oliva buddy where is
the mochi I'm at every my whole team
trying to get money fucking myeloma
moment
each at Nikki ready for the flow nothing
you ain't going that she'll pop you up
snow an uncommon in the parameter with a
pit in the pit in it but you don't know
walk bump out oh you don't know I was in
the front light shine that smell she was
in your bedroom sucking up dog how the
car he before us all run to the fuck
that y'all but right now that's that
phone cuz I heard the first shots out
that phone it's like that bro golfing
slow when I smash that go these matter
what stop family looks on play that MC
zanna's oh I'm gonna talk when the
fighting flow yes I am involved bat row
don't look see my Nino cocoa pup don't
try it like you're Robocop take off your
head like Photoshop face off screen I
don't make up be never like nature you
see some things put that stuff back to
spray something